Update gsheets.md (#4317)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/gsheets.md

- It returns the data to the cell you have clicked on.
- The custom menu operation has a timeout limit of six (6) minutes.

> - If you are logged into Chrome with a different Google user than the one you authenticated the Add-On with, it may not work. We recommend you are logged in with one Google profile at a time when using this extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're using this extension, make sure you're signed into Chrome with the same Google profile you used to set up the Add-On. Log in with one Google profile at a time as using multiple Google profiles at once might cause issues.
```
